I guess everyone's taste buds are different.  This product didn't work for me.  Every food item tasted as it should :-(
Dissolved an entire tab on my tongue and was disappointed to discover that it had no effect on ANY of the foods that I tried.
After taking a tab, I was able to eat a hot pepper, but it didn't really taste sweet or good at all, just not very hot.  Then I tried some cayenne pepper, which remained hot with no alteration in taste.This is a nice idea, but didn't work for me.
I'm jealous of whoever thought of this, but the actual product turns out to be pretty unimpressive. It turns out, if you eat half a fruit roll-up, then eat asparagus, the aspragus tastes differently than you might expect.  There. That's all you need to know.  DON'T buy this product, just buy some Gushers next time you're at Wal-Mart.  2 star review because I like Gushers.
I have bought several of the Vitality canned dog food products and have found them all to be of good quality. The product looks more like a stew than a processed meat and it smells better. My Labrador is finicky and she appreciates this product better than  most.
Great taffy at a great price.  There was a wide assortment of yummy I have bought several of the Vitality canned dog food products and have found them all to be of good quality. The product looks more like a stew than a processed meat and it smells better. My Labrador is finicky and she appreciates this product better than  most.taffy.  Delivery was very quick.  If your a taffy lover, this is a deal.
This is a confection that has been around a few centuries.  It is a light, pillowy citrus gelatin with nuts - in this case Filberts. And it is cut into tiny squares and then liberally coated with powdered sugar.  And it is a tiny mouthful of heaven.  Not too chewy, and very flavorful.  I highly recommend this yummy treat.  If you are familiar with the story of C.S. Lewis' "The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe" - this is the treat that seduces Edmund into selling out his Brother and Sisters to the Witch.
I got a wild hair for taffy and ordered this five pound bag. The taffy was all very enjoyable with many flavors: watermelon, root beer, melon, peppermint, grape, etc. My only complaint is there was a bit too much red/black licorice-flavored pieces (just not my particular favorites). Between me, my kids, and my husband, this lasted only two weeks! I would recommend this brand of taffy -- it was a delightful treat.
good flavor! these came securely packed... they were fresh and delicious! i love these Twizzlers!
I love eating them and they are good for watching TV and looking at movies! It is not too sweet. I like to transfer them to a zip lock baggie so they stay fresh so I can take my time eating them.
